Add config option for history-limit (#1470)
release-drafter/release-drafter: README.md

| `commitish`                | Optional | The release target, i.e. branch or commit it should point to. Default: the ref that release-drafter runs for, e.g. `refs/heads/master` if configured to run on pushes to `master`. |
| `filter-by-commitish`      | Optional | Filter previous releases to consider only those with the target matching `commitish`. Default: `false`.                                                                            |
| `include-paths`            | Optional | Restrict pull requests included in the release notes to only the pull requests that modified any of the paths in this array. Supports files and directories. Default: `[]`         |

> | `pull-request-limit`       | Optional | How many PRs the action searches when looking for a merged PR containing a given commit. Default: `5`                                                                              |

Reviewer: This `pull-request-limit` is quite hard to understand. I think linking to the original issue is best
```suggestion
| `pull-request-limit`       | Optional | Limit for associatedPullRequests API call. Use this when working with long-lived non-default branches. See #1354. Default: `5`                                                                              |
```
